Replace all references to Nabu Casa Cloud by Home Assistant Cloud (#1228)
home-assistant/companion.home-assistant: docs/getting_started/index.mdx

- If for some reason you have disabled `default_config:` make sure your `configuration.yaml` at least contains:
  - `mobile_app:`
- For some features the following integrations also need to be enabled:

>   - `cloud:` is used for securely connecting to your Home Assistant via Home Assistant Cloud subscription via Remote UI and cloud webhooks

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `cloud:` is used for securely connecting to your Home Assistant via Home Assistant Cloud subscription via [remote access](https://support.nabucasa.com/hc/en-us/sections/26496346499997) and cloud webhooks
```
